The session started with you back at The Sanctum, and after a nights rest you awakened and headed into the main sanctum where Alustriel Mordenkainen and Tasha were already working on the next mission. Alustriel excitedly approached you and told you that she was working on a surprise as she started prepping the portal. 

Neon then asked everyone if, while Alustriel was prepping the portal, they would like to head towards the Athar's sanctum as there could be valuable information there. Upon arrival there was a man sat by himself on a bench that Neon recognised as the Factol of the Athar, Terrence. They spoke about the current state of things and Terrence spoke about how he hid when the people attacked, which counted as a secret for you. Neon asked him about The Serpent and if its related to the Greater Unknown. Terrence responded by saying that, despite being a cleric of the Greater Unknown, that's all it is to him an "Unknown". He had however heard of something called The Serpent before and talked about some of the rumours surrounding it, none of which are true or false, simply rumours. After doing this Neon headed towards the Luminous Arbour, a tree the Athar use to sacrifice religious magic items. He sacrificed one of his items and received a blessing from the dying tree

Upon getting back to the sanctum, Alustriel had finished her preparations of the portal and her and all of you headed through the portal, meeting Laerel Silverhand on the other side, who promptly gave her sister a hug expressing how happy she is that she's still alive. You then headed towards the dock, where a grand ship was awaiting you. Boarding the ship Alustriel conjured a huge portal in front of it and Laerel, with a gust of wind pushed the ship through the portal, sending it deep into the Astral Sea.

Neon's divine bone shard started thrumming and directing him somewhere, where they promptly headed towards. Along the way they were ambushed by two night scavvers, two star anglers and an Astral Dreadnought. After a long fight using the ships cannons and Varin mounting and riding a night scavver they defeated the hostiles and began heading towards the mass in the distance. 

Upon approaching and boarding the mass, a strange object was suspended in the centre of the room which unfurled itself to be a dragon with constellation pattern wings. The dragon recognised the bone shard Neon held and offered Neon an deal. He introduced himself as Astrophel and Neon could either side with the dragon to absorb Celestian, the dead god he was getting power from, or fight the dragon. Neon chose to fight

After a long fight Varin landed the killing blow on the Dragon, and you all watched as the dragon began collapsing into itself disappearing into nothingness. A weak barely alive Celestian appeared and thanked Neon and the group for helping him and saving him from Astrophel. 