The session began with Neon confronting Ferros about the dark deal he had just taken apart in, the rest of you watched as Neon held Ferros in place beating him mercilessly. Varin stepped in asking what was happening and it was revealed to the party that Ferros had gained great power from attuning to the Hand and Eye of Vecna. It was then devised that they would find where the Sword of Kas is kept and kill Ferros destroying the Hand and Eye for good. Hopefully then resurrecting Ferros.

They set off trying to find a way and find out that they need to reach Tovag, the domain of dread that Kas rules over and where his sword is kept. Ferros, using wish to cast Legend Lore about Tovag, figures out that the Dark Powers are the forces that control all domains of dread and reaching them would be the only way to get to Tovag. He further learnt that the dark powers had a communion temple called The Amber Temple which would allow you to talk to the dark powers asking for transportation to Tovag.

Heading towards the Amber Temple you came across some ruins where it used to be and a crevice in the wall lead you into a room with 3 sarcophagi where the Dark Powers began speaking to you already knowing your plans, agreeing to transport you to Tovag at a cost that one of you takes the powers they are offering or gives up something equal. You decided that you would give up the Sword of Kas once it had been used to kill Ferros and give it to the Dark Powers

The Dark Powers then transported you to Tovag where a civilian took you in and took you to the leader of the resistance who helped you plan an assault on Kas' tower. You immediately set off to the tower