It began with everyone talking with Celestian, Neon asked about the timeline of the bone shard he had and he granted Neon some new powers as their ideals aligned about defeating Vecna. You then long rested and boarded your ship again following where the first piece of the Rod of Seven parts sends you. You eventually come across another dead god, this time it was, Havok the dead god of Chaos. 

After boarding the corpse, you realise the aura from the corpse deeply interfered with teleportation magic and limited the casting of teleportation spells. You then came across Lysan and Zastra, two githyanki who were happy to see friendly faces again. They explained to you how they crashed and welcomed you aboard there ship. Further on you encountered Ilren the death slaad disguised giff who seemed very joyful at first and offered you food and shelter in the prow section of the ship. You also then came across Kycera the chef who Bartholamew flirted with which led to her telling you about the paranoid first mate that had locked himself in his room that she was worried about.

Approaching the first mate you spoke to him through to door and persuaded him to let you in. He spoke to you and you figured out his memories were altered from a modify memory spell. After dispelling the magic, he sprinted towards Ilren who revealed himself to be a Death slaad. After killing him the death slaad the first mate told you about a powerful artefact that the captain used to navigate the ship. The artefact was locked behind 2 seals that you had to break to get through the magical lock that prevented people from accessing the artefact. 

Pressing through the remains of the ship, you came across a Treant who complained about things beneath him touching and scratching at his roots. You went down there and defeated the creatures for him. In return he told you about the other seal above the desk in the study room.

With the door now unlocked, you came across the captain of the ship who's wing was broken in the crash. You helped her fixed it and she gave you permission to take the artefact but the beware as there is a serpent like creature in the heart of Havock.

You stealthily entered the heart and saw a red dragon born tinkering with eye of the serpent creature. He promptly disappeared after noticing you and you fought the hertilod. At the end of fighting the Hertilod, Ferros carved out the eye of it and began experiencing foul whispers telling him to do unimaginable things. You identified this as the Eye of Vecna and returned to the Sanctum with it. You woke up Alustriel and Tasha to show all of them the item, which Mordenkainen promptly said he was having nothing to do with it and locked it in a vault with Mordenkainen's seal on it. Somehow in the night the seal was broken and the eye was resting on the desk. Alustriel and Tasha agreed to take turns making sure the eye didn't escape somewhere.